c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\Quimirespel.dll.config
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\Quimirespel.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\Quimirespel.pdb
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\obj\Debug\Quimirespel.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\obj\Debug\Quimirespel.pdb
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\DataServiceProvider.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\Mongo.Context.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\MongoDB.Bson.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\MongoDB.Driver.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.xml
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\MongoDB.Bson.xml
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\MongoDB.Driver.xml
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\libeay32.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\libgcc_s_dw2-1.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\mingwm10.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\ssleay32.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\wkhtmltox0.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\Common.Logging.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\Nustache.Core.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\Pechkin.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\Pechkin.Synchronized.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\obj\Debug\Quimirespel.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\itext.barcodes.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\itext.forms.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\itext.html2pdf.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\itext.io.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\itext.kernel.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\itext.layout.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\itext.pdfa.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\itext.sign.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\itextsharp.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\itextsharp.xmlworker.dll
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\itext.barcodes.xml
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\itext.forms.xml
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\itext.html2pdf.xml
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\itext.io.xml
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\itext.kernel.xml
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\itext.layout.xml
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\itext.pdfa.xml
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\itext.sign.xml
c:\users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\bin\itextsharp.xml
C:\Users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\obj\Debug\Quimirespel.Recursos.resources
C:\Users\jose.santamaria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Quimirespel\Quimirespel\obj\Debug\Quimirespel.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
